what about to break it alright today is
the day I'm going to kick this bat in
half at least that's the plan
don't get any ideas please people
watching at home do not try this I've
been doing Muay Thai for eight years
yeah long time in condition my shins
ever since focusing on it and that's how
long it takes it takes years to build
your shit up because you're literally
creating micro fractures in the bone and
then rebuilding it you're deadening the
nerves and you're building the bone and
the muscle around it takes a long time
please don't try this this is just
something that I've always wanted to do
I only see one other person do it before
so wish me the best I'm hoping that this
thing breaks the bat breaks and not my
shin I don't want to pull an Anderson
Silva all right I'll see you guys on the
other side
cool already
Wow
like whoa right there right there shit
fight you it was real good yeah okay I
can't deny that yeah
chin conditioning takes a long time I'm
feeling it like I'm still even feeling
at the time adrenaline was pumping
I'm with the callous bone and dead
nerves I mean I was able to do it didn't
feel pain until about ten seconds
afterwards and even still I feel I feel
fine
nothing that I'm not used to but man you
just gotta you got to believe you got to
believe you can do this I know there's a
split second where I second-guess myself
and I didn't think they could do it shut
that off I just went for 100% never
hesitate there's one thing I learned
hesitation I'll kill you leave oh you're
the beautiful thing fighttips learn
these kicks I'll teach you myself
bite him guys I'm going to get with him
the video on Monday this coming Monday
so make sure you subscribe to you get
that we're going to talk about shin
conditioning we're going to go over
specific drills we're going to talk
about the ideology so that you can build
up strong shins strong bones so you can
throw hard kicks you know and without
any pain without suffering any injuries
and then we're going to follow it up
with some nutrition so that you have
strong bones calcium intake vitamin D
talking about stuff like that make sure
you subscribe so you can get it the
second it comes out until next time I'm
Shane thanks for watching fighttips boom
you